feat: add documentation for showing verification after registration (#1349)
ory/docs: docs/identities/sign-in/actions.mdx

1. Go to Ory Console → [**Base Settings**](https://console.ory.sh/projects/current/auth).
2. Toggle **Sign In After Registration**.

## Show verification after successful registration

If you want to show the verification screen after registration, follow these steps:

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="Server rendered browser client">
```

> For server rendered applications, such as an Express.js app or when using the Ory Account Experience, Ory Identities can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For server rendered applications, such as an Express.js app, or when using the Ory Account Experience, Ory Identities can be
```

Reviewer: Ah, this is a mistake on my part ... deleting!

configured to redirect to the verification screen automatically after registration:

```shell
ory patch identity-config {project_id} \
  --add '/selfservice/flows/registration/after/hooks=[{"hook": "show_verification_ui"}]'
```

:::note

If your identity schema defines multiple verifiable addresses, Ory Identities redirects to the verification flow of only one of
the addresses.

:::

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="SPA & Native clients">
```

> For SPA & native clients, the response from the registration endpoint contains a `continue_with` field. This field lists possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For SPA and native clients, the response from the registration endpoint contains a `continue_with` field. This field lists possible
```

Author: Done.

> actions, the user might need to or can take next. For example, an object containing the ID of the verification flow created as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
actions the user might need to take next. For example, an object containing the ID of the verification flow created as
```

Author: Done.

part of the registration flow:

```json
{
  "continue_with": [
    {
      "action": "verification_ui",
      "flow": {
        "id": "d859f6af-1dfe-453e-9320-d572e10edeea",
        "verifiable_address": "example@ory.sh"
      }
    }
    // Other items
  ]
}
```

You can use this ID to fetch the verification flow information, using the
[`getVerificationFlow`](../../reference/api#tag/frontend/operation/getVerificationFlow) API method.

:::note

> The response to the registration endpoint always contains the `continue_with` field with the `verification_ui` action if
> verification is enabled and the identity schema defines at least one verifiable address. Due to this, the `show_verification_ui`
> hook does nothing for API & SPA clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response from the registration endpoint always contains the `continue_with` field with the `verification_ui` action, if
verification is enabled and the identity schema defines at least one verifiable address. Because of this, the `show_verification_ui`
hook has no effect for API and SPA clients.
```

Author: Done.
